Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I have. Are you done
Natalie Austin: Good.
Natalie Austin: Too. I'm too bright heart.
Galaxy A20: Yes, I am. I'm very new to like first time I've heard
Natalie Austin: Oh, wonderful.
Natalie Austin: Therapy in general.
Galaxy A20: Well, no, I had therapy for, like, and never been over the phone, never
Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah therapy for quite different do lie.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that yesterday told you you had to come to us for on Suboxone treatment.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So how long have you been off to the medicine.
Natalie Austin: He's still on it.
Galaxy A20: When the alcohol.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, no, no, no, I haven't drank the eighth of March.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: So, so that, yeah, that your court order to come see us on
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Wish you have a good attitude about it.
Galaxy A20: Give me
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Sure, yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, this is just something so new to me. I don't know, because I didn't
Galaxy A20: It was
Galaxy A20: This probation officer.
Natalie Austin: Different base and what
Galaxy A20: The probation office. That's what they want me to do, I guess.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I want to go over your
Natalie Austin: past history here.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What is your past medical history, do you have any
Natalie Austin: Asthma, heart disease, lung disease.
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: You're healthy guy.
Galaxy A20: I won't say that but I mean I haven't had those problems. Yeah, I really haven't had no medical problems I had surgery, one time.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Yes. What's your password history. It's my next question.
Oh my what
Galaxy A20: I had a I like a little boy. Oh.
Galaxy A20: Boy, they had to get rid of just keeping this
Natalie Austin: On the back of your
Natalie Austin: Compiling
Galaxy A20: It was like oh my butt cheek.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah, that's
Galaxy A20: Why I was so scared of this crazy that you know about it because I had it. I'm like, what is wrong with me like I did. I thought it was something like so so bad, like really bad, but
Natalie Austin: The doctor very common. Yes.
Galaxy A20: I've been told me it's very common that it happened.
Galaxy A20: She say usually way.
Galaxy A20: To come so
Galaxy A20: I was scared. I was scared to go to the doctor.
Galaxy A20: But yeah
Galaxy A20: She's a
Natalie Austin: Very painful one
Galaxy A20: Yeah, oh yeah, and he said, a very common.
Natalie Austin: So, how many times did you have a dream.
Natalie Austin: Because they come back, come back.
Galaxy A20: Come back. Right.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, that was only 30 but it was terrible.
Natalie Austin: One time. Okay. Yes.
Natalie Austin: And how old were you when was that
Galaxy A20: Actually probably
Galaxy A20: The end of 19
Galaxy A20: Now, about four months ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Galaxy A20: Yes, I'm healed up now.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And you still have your appendix.
Natalie Austin: Gallbladder your tonsils.
Natalie Austin: Pull up your chart here.
Natalie Austin: Looks like a burning
Natalie Austin: Um, okay, family history. Are your parents still live
Natalie Austin: Yes, okay. Do they have any, um, any medical issues are they alive and well, or they have high blood pressure.
Galaxy A20: My dad is like real sick. He on dialysis and stuff like that.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So he has kidney. He has like end stage renal disease.
Galaxy A20: I mean, my mom, she beginner little closes stuff, but other than that she's
Natalie Austin: See why
Galaxy A20: I say my mom, she gets like sick care nurse, she got a call here and there, but she usually find though.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay, guys, healthy, okay.
Natalie Austin: Hold your dad.
Galaxy A20: Honestly,
Galaxy A20: I don't, I don't really like
Galaxy A20: You gotta be maybe late 50s.
Galaxy A20: Okay, I don't really know. Because we never been there so
Galaxy A20: I don't
Natalie Austin: Know how old your mom.
Galaxy A20: Mom is 52
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I have two brothers and one sister.
Natalie Austin: My older younger
Galaxy A20: I have one older into younger
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And are they alive and well. Are they
Yeah.
Yeah, any
Natalie Austin: Any of them on dialysis.
Galaxy A20: No, no.
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good, they may go through this yoga thing craziness.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, we're trying. We're trying to get through it sucks. It really sucks. It makes it just, it just suck it takes your
Galaxy A20: You know, you know I you normally you know we do daily things you can't do it, no more, no.
Galaxy A20: You can't work. You can't even go to dine in like our entertainment was want to dine in place.
Galaxy A20: And Apple TV, stuff like that better. But you can't do that. No more. So take
Galaxy A20: Care everybody
Natalie Austin: You want to go in and I'm happy that you guys can be on zoom like this.
Galaxy A20: But I just got like hit the zoom like this is my
Galaxy A20: Yes, this is really interesting to be those like crazy how you can do this.
Natalie Austin: Recipe people are doing that now. They're, they're having chat rooms like this either watching movies or playing a game. It's kind of bizarre. It's pretty cool, though.
Galaxy A20: Zoom so Zoom is not only for like counseling.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, they're using it.
Natalie Austin: Everyday stuff too.
Galaxy A20: So you can share the zoom with your family members and friends and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: You can have all of them know people in different little, like, yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, pretty
Galaxy A20: I thought it was just for counseling.
Galaxy A20: And never do it.
Galaxy A20: Maybe I didn't pick you up on that because I live by myself and it's like so lonely. No, really.
Natalie Austin: Your last name, so make sure I have it right here.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: Antonio
Galaxy A20: Oh, I
Natalie Austin: See, you're here.
Natalie Austin: March 1 1986
Galaxy A20: Yes.
Galaxy A20: That's me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Okay, social history said you live alone, are you married single divorced
Okay.
Galaxy A20: So,
Natalie Austin: You have any kids.
No.
Natalie Austin: Are you employed or unemployed looking for work.
Galaxy A20: Was is that situation happened. I mean, I was working two jobs. But right now, you know, when I'm not working, either one.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is this program going to help you to your jobs back working with us.
Galaxy A20: I'm
Galaxy A20: Gonna I'm gonna get my job back anyways.
Galaxy A20: That's going on.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I have my job.
Galaxy A20: Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any allergies.
Natalie Austin: Allergies
Natalie Austin: Any medications.
Galaxy A20: No.
Galaxy A20: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any, uh, any history of
Natalie Austin: Drug use marijuana. Yes.
Galaxy A20: Definitely. Definitely yes definitely.
Galaxy A20: Marijuana
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: You said you have a history of alcohol use, obviously. How is your first DUI. Second, do you are
Galaxy A20: This is my third one.
Natalie Austin: Third one. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: So you have you drink daily, weekly socially twice a day.
All day long.
Galaxy A20: You know, I play daily like maybe two days during the weekdays and on the weekends.
Galaxy A20: Maybe
Galaxy A20: What do I drink.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: I know beer or
Galaxy A20: Crown Royal. And, but, like,
Natalie Austin: Okay, you mix it together.
Natalie Austin: No.
Galaxy A20: No I don't actually mix it together like
Galaxy A20: I'll take a shot. And I'll drink a sip of my Bud Light to chase it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I know, I know.
Natalie Austin: How many years. How many years have you been drinking alcohol like that.
Galaxy A20: I'm like that is probably man, the third quarter, probably about eight years.
Natalie Austin: Eight. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I mean I really wasn't like heavy on when I was younger, I don't know, maybe because past relationships and stuff like that made me
Galaxy A20: boosted up. But when I was younger. It was never like that because
Galaxy A20: I wasn't in relationships with females that got drunk but as
Galaxy A20: I got intense
Galaxy A20: It is
Galaxy A20: I'm ready to get away from it. I am away from it. I've been like
Galaxy A20: I don't know when I drink on May 8 my birthday was the first of March, I was done with it before, like two months before that, but
Galaxy A20: No, no, it was my birthday weekend and
Galaxy A20: I decided to drink. I was off of it. I don't mind it on Father's No, no big deal because I'd be working two jobs. And it's not like I'm
Galaxy A20: Doing all the time. Can I work two jobs like is he messed up after my birthday. I really did.
Galaxy A20: It was a bad weekend.
Natalie Austin: At what age did you start drinking alcohol.
Galaxy A20: 2522 21 you the legal wise or 20
Galaxy A20: Okay, maybe a little 1920 something like that at the high school
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: Really my first year in college.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Allergies medications.
Natalie Austin: Review systems. Do you have any any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills weakness.
Natalie Austin: No word vision headaches.
Galaxy A20: I mean, when I don't wear my glasses. Some times yes but no
Natalie Austin: So 40
Natalie Austin: Some potentially negative
Natalie Austin: I'm just, I'm talking out loud for the
Galaxy A20: Oh,
Natalie Austin: They're dictating my note.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's all. And then physical exam general up about one nurse male Nokia Nokia distress.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: wearing glasses wearing glasses.
Natalie Austin: Part regular rhythm lungs non labor aspirations as a non standard extremities give any swelling or legs. Oh.
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay extremities no Dema cycle times three muscle skeletal five out of five.
Natalie Austin: Facts.
Natalie Austin: No lumps or bumps.
Natalie Austin: Skin rashes.
Galaxy A20: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Job, to tell you the first
Natalie Austin: Neuro cranial nerve to third party contract.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm I'm
Natalie Austin: I am the I'm not the Council on the physician assistant that you're saying, I just had to do a good exam on what that was but um
Natalie Austin: You'll probably see you also see
Natalie Austin: A counselor as well.
Natalie Austin: But how often are you scheduled or you instructed to see
Natalie Austin: A counselor, do they tell you yet.
Galaxy A20: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: A month or two months or six months.
Galaxy A20: My iPod and tell me nothing. I don't know, I just got on this stuff and
Galaxy A20: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: I just get your phone number. Instead, call them.
Galaxy A20: There you go.
Galaxy A20: Guys love them, give them your information and sign on with them and
Galaxy A20: I don't know, maybe a year, I guess, I don't know. It can't be a year, can it
Natalie Austin: That's kind of a lot. Yeah, I don't know.
Galaxy A20: I mean, here at least a couple months.
Galaxy A20: A couple months I gave it
Galaxy A20: Away. Yeah, I give it not a month for maybe half of the year, maybe six months, probably, or no, no, three months.
Natalie Austin: You have any paperwork, the sense that anything on you or they gave you
Galaxy A20: Didn't give me all I did was
Galaxy A20: Take me an empty office and and a sign me up on a computer, and she told me to do this.
Galaxy A20: I don't
Galaxy A20: Know if he could I just got on probation.
Galaxy A20: For the DUI. So I don't really know what's going on already though.
That's not
Natalie Austin: Part of your pronunciation just
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: He'll say, you know, just do it. She's really she's really nice. You said
Galaxy A20: You don't really care. I mean,
Galaxy A20: I don't know.
Galaxy A20: But
Natalie Austin: I'm glad.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, she's
Galaxy A20: She worked with me.
Good.
Galaxy A20: I mean, now I guess like so. Mama case. I mean it was just
Galaxy A20: I didn't actually get two cars with a DUI. I got a physical control.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, so
Galaxy A20: Yeah, it's probably like a three month program, maybe like
Natalie Austin: I'll look through here and see if I can find any dates here.
Galaxy A20: where you're located in
Natalie Austin: Our main offices in California where
Natalie Austin: I think
Natalie Austin: 30 states.
Natalie Austin: Pennsylvania right across the border from from
Natalie Austin: Boardman
Galaxy A20: Area, you know, you better in the city.
Natalie Austin: Is a Member from yesterday.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A20: Well, Florida. I was born and raised.
Natalie Austin: You. Where are you from Florida.
Galaxy A20: Tampa, Florida. I moved here when I was like seven so
Galaxy A20: I mean, I've been here ever since.
Natalie Austin: ever gone back
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, definitely go back like summer time, my grandfather in on TVs and stuff like that. Yeah, we go back, but I just need to go go go back like stay back
Natalie Austin: Did they give you any lab work they tell you
Natalie Austin: You have to do nothing. If there is any they'll send it to you via email.
Galaxy A20: Okay, yeah, I mean, my God, my God.
Galaxy A20: Oh, nothing.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure your PL has your test you know do urine drug screens. Right.
Galaxy A20: Definitely, definitely.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: The alcohol use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Plan will continue with their be you have, you see a therapist.
Natalie Austin: Will probably email you the information with that as well.
Natalie Austin: And via him starting the program.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Galaxy A20: Um, no. So I just do the same tomorrow at noon.
Galaxy A20: Well tomorrow that is just. That's all I gotta do small right
Natalie Austin: I'm today. You mean this one today at noon.
Galaxy A20: Other to do it today at noon.
Natalie Austin: They have the group counseling.
I thought
Natalie Austin: What's your what's, what's the therapist name. Do you have a name.
Galaxy A20: It's only the name is only the name, but I don't want to
Galaxy A20: Write it down. But
Galaxy A20: It is a tomato say I'm doing this with you today at 11
Galaxy A20: Then I'm doing some model at know
Natalie Austin: Hmm.
Galaxy A20: Or should I just get on air today.
Natalie Austin: What did you check your email and find out.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Give it was an email. Yeah. Her name is Rochelle. Rochelle is having a meeting today at noon. Noon and 6pm there's two of them.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Different therapists.
Natalie Austin: Names different than Rochelle might be tomorrow.
Natalie Austin: So like there was, I work with is, Rochelle.
Galaxy A20: Okay. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know for a fact. This mother told me I was talking to you. And Dan yeah tomorrow at noon.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Galaxy A20: mood today at 11am tomorrow at noon. I remember that. So it's tomorrow.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay, well, I'm saying cosine to Dr. Jamison will check Laura's monthly check your drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I want to check one other section here the oars here.
Natalie Austin: This is our
Natalie Austin: The Ohio system just checking your medications and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Sex. Here's a
Natalie Austin: New Tab. They're yours.
Natalie Austin: Numbers.
Natalie Austin: Requests
Natalie Austin: Next to my mouse am to an I. O.
Natalie Austin: Ne s
Natalie Austin: What's your birthday. Again, I'm on a different screen here.
Natalie Austin: 186 86. There we go.
Natalie Austin: What's your zip code.
Natalie Austin: family doctor is Steven Fisher and Ontario, Ohio.
Galaxy A20: Yes, yes.
Natalie Austin: And you get your prescriptions at Ohio CVS.
Natalie Austin: The only medication. I see on here is you've, you've got Nazi code and five milligrams in January.
Galaxy A20: Wow. Y'all can look up on that. That is great.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I have my surgery. Yeah. That is great.
Natalie Austin: Big Brother's watching you.
Galaxy A20: Wow, that is really
Galaxy A20: That's really amazing.
Natalie Austin: So you don't have any issues with opioids any opioid use disorder. Nothing, no issues with that.
Galaxy A20: No, I did use them to get surgery. No.
Natalie Austin: That's it. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy A20: We want to take them down. But I was in pain.
Time.
Natalie Austin: I hear you.
Natalie Austin: Can hear the questions for me because we covered about it.
Galaxy A20: You know, my all. Just a note to take care yourself because
Galaxy A20: No one's gonna go on in the future.
Natalie Austin: I know exactly, stay safe.
Natalie Austin: Thank you, Sam trouble with
Galaxy A20: That
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Galaxy A20: Well, I appreciate you.
Natalie Austin: Know You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions.
Galaxy A20: That's it. So what do I do, just wait for my meeting tomorrow right and do what I did today.
Natalie Austin: Make sure it's not today just to be
Galaxy A20: Okay, one question. The number they gave me to get ahold of you know seven stone.
Galaxy A20: 10 numbers. I don't use
Galaxy A20: I use it again. You
Natalie Austin: Know that's only for me only yeah oh yeah only required to see me once
Galaxy A20: Okay, so I use the other numbers.
Natalie Austin: That yeah
Galaxy A20: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. If you need to see me, I will cover some more your paperwork have anything else you need to see me again, we'll get ahold of you.
Galaxy A20: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You said your ham.
Natalie Austin: All the kids are aware
Galaxy A20: Bye.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Bye bye.